hi everyone at sharon and here's my
latest cake it's for a little girl who's
turning seven today our friend's
daughter maria and she won well she
doesn't know this cakes coming it's a
surprise from us and she loves to read
books and therefore I thought it best to
cut it make her cake into the shape of a
book the theme of the cake is basically
the rainbow magic fairy story books and
Stella the Star Ferry is her favorite so
I've actually tried to depict the cover
on the cake the book cover rather so the
image is basically a 2d image with all
this rolled out and then stuck on and I
use a lot of luster dust I don't know if
you could really see it very well on the
video so it was a little trying because
I wasn't able to get the perfect edges
as you can see these are still soft and
and do need to support them to dry to a
real crisp point for a book cover the
cake is three layers chocolate
strawberry and chocolate with chocolate
buttercream filling
it is a little simple but given the time
frame that I had to actually put this
together I'm pretty pleased with the way
it's turned out I could do a lot more on
actually enhancing the decoration and
making it more clean and purpose so all
this is actually don't taste individual
strips rolled out and then stuck
together and then i used the cutters to
form the figures on top tried to keep
with the logo on the book and all the
little stars and Stella the the actual
words tell of the Star Ferry are all
hand-painted so I hope you guys liked it
please do post your comments on my wall
and I'd be so happy to hear from you I'd
love to know more tips on how i could
enhance this scale which has just call
it the sudden come out which I didn't
even know I ever had so thanks for
watching and take care bye
you